#summary How to use the plugin.

= Introduction =

One of the goal of this logger is to permit you to differentiate the output style of your logs to keep better track of your application's behaviours. For this reason it is possible to customize the styles from the logs itself without need of any permanent preference in the logger.

= Start Logging =

In Eclipse, select from the menus: *_Window > Show View > Other..._*
And from the _Show View_ panel, choose *_Logging > (LBi) Logger_*

To open a log file, in the top left menu in the logger, select *_Add new log_* and choose the log file.

= Default Styles =

The logger has embedded the styles of the common log types (Error, Warning, etc). To communicate to the logger that a log trace is of a specific type, the line should start with the syntax "[TYPE] trace content...". Here the matrix with the embedded styles:

|| *Type* || *Syntax* || *Colour* ||
|| Fatal || `[FATAL]...` || *red #FF0000* ||
|| Error || `[ERROR]...` || red #FF0000 ||
|| Warning || `[WARNING]...` || orange #FF9900||
|| Debug || `[DEBUG]...` || green #009900||
|| Info || `[INFO]...` || blue #0000FF||


= Custom Styles =

It is possible to assign a specific style to any log line, to do it the line should start with the syntax: `[custom background=#660000 foreground=#00FF00]`

During the debugging can be handy group the logs in group. For instance if we are testing network operations and navigation behaviours we could find useful to associate two new different style to those. The logger can be programmed from the log file itself.

The programming lines start with: `[setup-`

== New Group ==
 
To create a new group you should trace a line with the following syntax:
`[setup-group group_name background=#660000 foreground=#00FF00]`

Where of course the group name and colours can be chosen as you wish.
 
To use a group style, the traced line should start with: `[group name=group_name]`

== New Element ==
 
To create a new element you should trace a line with the following syntax:
`[setup-element element_name background=#660000 foreground=#00FF00]`
 
To use an element style, the traced line should start with: `[element name=element_name]`

===What is the difference between _group_ and _element_?===

At the moment none, but the idea is to give some interface elements to activate/deactivate the view of a group. The groups then, will be more supported than the elements.
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 